---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "Seventh Meeting (2020/12/03)"
subtitle: "Minutes"
summary: ""
authors: []
tags: []
categories: [Meetings]
date: 2020/12/03
lastmod: 2020/12/03
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
#projects: []
---
**Present at the meeting:** Klaus, Claudio, Rustan, Leila, Catherine, Graeme, Brijesh, Pierluigi, Luigia


**On the agenda:**
 - FMTea workshop
 - Overview
 - What went well and what did not
 - Next edition?
 - COST Action application (deadline April 29)
 - Courses in the database
 - Courses database flyer for Formalise conf
 - Case studies
 - BoK

**Minutes**

1. FMTea next edition
 - Beijing, 20-21.11.2021
 - tutorial and workshop? 2 days maybe
 - one invited speaker can be funded by FME/organisers
 - we need one/some PC chairs
 - Feb 15 deadline for submitting proposal, March 15 notification
 - Alexandra and Joao next PC chairs! Claudio possibly joining!
 
2. COST application
 - abstract and technical annex
 - Evaluation Feedback Wednesday, May 26, 2021 @ 12:00 CET

3. Training school
 - May? June? second half of August?
 - we focus now on collecting online materials and create a repository online , linked from our webpages
      - TLA+ videos of Leslie Lamport: http://lamport.azurewebsites.net/video/videos.html
      - Rustanâ€™s Verification corner (other videos?): https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP2eLEql4tROYmIYm5mA27A/videos
      - Open JML (Graeme mentioned this)
      â€¦
 - We come back to this issue in March, because FME has 2 deadlines for applying for funding â€“ one in December and one in April
 - Kenji â€“> proposed to organise some training school connected with the FM symposium, addressing Asian industry?
 - we need to focus all these ideas a bit
     - what would the audience be?
     - what should we teach?
     
4. Recording a lecture with your favourite formal method
 - Luigia plans to record something with Event-B â€“> letâ€™s see how it works

5. Collecting interesting info
 - http://www.icse-conferences.org/mostinfluential.html â€“> best paper awards at the relevant conferences, for instance

6. Body of Knowledge
 - starting points: SWEBoK (Software Engineering BoK): https://software-engineering-handbook.com
 - https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-030-44648-2: On the construction of Engineering handbooks, by Stefan Gruner, Tom Maibaum and others; on railway domain, interlocks, etc
 - Kenji, here are your slides from 10 years ago ðŸ™‚ https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wsOI-d_BHC0c3eqTF_1vRQooA5o7qokN/view?usp=sharing

7. Claudioâ€™s FMTeaching brochure
 - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wsOI-d_BHC0c3eqTF_1vRQooA5o7qokN/view?usp=sharing
